one of the most beautiful land parcels
in the highly sought-after Puget Sound
region of Washington State is now
available
located in picturesque Toninho only 20
minutes south of the state capital
Olympia or one hour south of Seattle
this ranch property is 1739 acres there
is endless development potential
currently the property is one of the
largest alpaca ranches in North America
previously the estate was a world-class
Equestrian Center for breeding horses
the infrastructure is already in place
to make this one-of-a-kind property into
your own vision this property which
could rival the best Montana ranch
consists of 700 acres of flat and
rolling Hill pastures with a background
of over 1,000 acres of forestland
there are views of Mount Rainier Mount
st. Helens and the Black Hills
it's a wildlife heaven with a resident
elk herd deer turkey and winter wild
fowl and a vast amount of infrastructure
is ready for you
57 structures totaling 120,000 square
feet are on the property for existing
multi uses such as a large equestrian
center a cattle operation agricultural
farmland and alpaca farm
there is a 2,500 square foot office
space in the main barn the property also
includes fencing and roads 260 acres of
the property is part of the city of
toninho's master plan community
development with mixed-use zoning
residential commercial retail and
industrial and sufficient water rights
are on site for the master plan
development plus city water and sewer
connections are available adjacent to
the subject property 1469 acres is zoned
r5 for a rural 5 acre or larger plats or
rural cluster developments with green
belts and open areas this can
accommodate over 290 additional home
sites explore the development
possibilities for this rare and unique
real estate offering whether your
interest is in farming timber
agricultural equestrian residential or
commercial development this land is
large enough and flexible enough that
you can fulfill a combination of visions
visit the ranch today and let its
natural beauty and vast spaces inspire
you
for additional information please
contact brad vancour at Rio logics
Sotheby's International Realty